in case you know today is national candy
corn day which is very dumb having candy
corn day the day before Halloween like
having national open presents Day on
December 24 that doesn't make sense but
here's interesting fact I learned did
you know that no new candy corn has been
produced since 1964 did they just keep
recirculating this stuff we already have
tomorrow of course is Halloween as is
tradition we'll be dressing up here at
the show and as is also tradition we are
issuing our infamous or famous whatever
you want to call it Halloween candy
YouTube challenge this is when parents
pretend to have eaten their kids candy
and then post videos of the kids losing
their minds like this I ate all your
Halloween candy I'm sorry I love you
disappointed a lot of children over the
past eight years it's sometimes the kids
really let their parents have it I got
really really hungry and I eat all your
Halloween candy while you were at school
Wow
we mean how I ate it now go get a job
[Applause]
that's how louver drivers are born
anyway parents you know what to do tell
your kids you ate their Halloween candy
recorded put the video on YouTube with
the title hey Jimmy Kimmel I told my
kids I hate all their Halloween candy
then look for a message from us under
your YouTube account that is important
we'll put the best moments on our show
next week in a zillion people will watch
your child have a tantrum hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel I hope you enjoyed that video hit
subscribe and all your dreams will come
true assuming your dreams are to watch
more YouTube videos